Draft Prometheus plugin (#1128)
Kong/developer.konghq.com: app/_kong_plugins/prometheus/changelog.md

* The following metric names were adjusted to add units to standardize where possible:
  * `http_status` to `http_requests_total`
  * `latency` to `kong_request_latency_ms`/`kong_upstream_latency_ms`/`kong_kong_latency_ms`
  * `kong_bandwidh` to `kong_bandwidth_bytes`
  * `nginx_http_current_connections`/`nginx_stream_current_connections` to `nginx_connections_total`
  * Removed: `http_consumer_status`
* New metric: `session_duration_ms` for monitoring stream connections
* New metric: `node_info` is a single gauge set to 1 that outputs the node's ID and {{site.base_gateway}} version
* Latency was split into four different metrics: `kong_latency_ms`, `upstream_latency_ms`, `request_latency_ms` (HTTP), and `session_duration_ms` (stream). Buckets details follow:
  * Kong Latency and Upstream Latency can operate at orders of different magnitudes. Separate these buckets to reduce memory overhead.
* `request_count` and `consumer_status` were merged into `http_requests_total`. If the `per_consumer` config is set to false, the `consumer` label will be empty. If the `per_consumer` config is true, the `consumer` label will be filled.

> * `http_requests_total` has a new label [`source`](/gateway/latest/plugin-development/pdk/kong.response/#kongresponseget_source/). It can be set to `exit`, `error`, or `service`.

Author: ```suggestion
* `http_requests_total` has a new label [`source`](/gateway/pdk/reference/kong.response/#kong-response-get-source). It can be set to `exit`, `error`, or `service`.
```

* All memory metrics have a new label, `node_id`.
* Plugin version bumped to 3.0.0
* The `node_id` label was added to memory metrics.

> ### {{site.base_gateway}} (Enterprise) 2.8.3.2
> * Adds new directives in `kong.conf` to enable or disable high cardinality metrics.
>   * `prometheus_plugin_status_code_metrics`: Enables or disables reporting the HTTP/Stream status codes per Service/Route.
>   * `prometheus_plugin_latency_metrics`: Enables or disables reporting the latency added by {{site.base_gateway}}, request time and upstream latency.
>   * `prometheus_plugin_bandwidth_metrics`: Enables or disables reporting the bandwidth consumed by Service/Route.
>   * `prometheus_plugin_upstream_health_metrics`: Enables or disables reporting the upstream health status.
> 
> ### {{site.base_gateway}} 2.8.x
> * Adds a new metric:
>   * `kong_nginx_timers` (gauge): Total number of Nginx timers, in Running or Pending state.
> * Add two new metrics:
>   * `kong_db_entities_total` (gauge): Total number of entities in the database
>   * `kong_db_entity_count_errors` (counter): Measures the number of errors
>       encountered during the measurement of `kong_db_entities_total`
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### {{site.base_gateway}} 2.8.x
* Adds a new metric:
  * `kong_nginx_timers` (gauge): Total number of Nginx timers, in Running or Pending state.
* Add two new metrics:
  * `kong_db_entities_total` (gauge): Total number of entities in the database
  * `kong_db_entity_count_errors` (counter): Measures the number of errors
      encountered during the measurement of `kong_db_entities_total`

#### {{site.base_gateway}} 2.8.3.2
* Adds new directives in `kong.conf` to enable or disable high cardinality metrics.
  * `prometheus_plugin_status_code_metrics`: Enables or disables reporting the HTTP/Stream status codes per Service/Route.
  * `prometheus_plugin_latency_metrics`: Enables or disables reporting the latency added by {{site.base_gateway}}, request time and upstream latency.
  * `prometheus_plugin_bandwidth_metrics`: Enables or disables reporting the bandwidth consumed by Service/Route.
  * `prometheus_plugin_upstream_health_metrics`: Enables or disables reporting the upstream health status.
```

We don't need to worry about labelling Enterprise anywhere anymore. I'd make the patch a subheading of 2.8 though.
